# InstancePostRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Attributes** | [**map[string]interface{}**](interface{}.md) | A JSON object or dictionary of user-defined attributes to be made available to the instance. | [optional] [default to null]
**BootOrder** | **[]int32** | The index number of the bootable storage volume that should be used to boot the instance. The only valid value is 1. If you set this attribute, you must also specify a bootable storage volume with index number 1 in the volume sub-parameter of storage_attachments. When you specify boot_order, you don&#39;t need to specify the imagelist attribute, because the instance is booted using the image on the specified bootable storage volume. If you specify both boot_order and imagelist, the imagelist attribute is ignored. | [optional] [default to null]
**DesiredState** | **string** | Desired state for the instance.&lt;p&gt;* Set the value of the &lt;code&gt;desired_state&lt;/code&gt; parameter as &lt;code&gt;shutdown&lt;/code&gt; to shut down the instance.&lt;p&gt;* Set the value of the &lt;code&gt;desired_state&lt;/code&gt; parameter as &lt;code&gt;running&lt;/code&gt; to restart an instance that you had previously shutdown. The instance is restarted without losing any of the instance data or configuration. | [optional] [default to null]
**Entry** | **int32** | Optional imagelistentry number (default will be used if not specified). | [optional] [default to null]
**Hostname** | **string** | The host name assigned to the instance. On an Oracle Linux instance, this host name is displayed in response to the hostname command. Only relative DNS is supported. The domain name is suffixed to the host name that you specify. The host name must not end with a period. If you don&#39;t specify a host name, then a name is generated automatically. | [optional] [default to null]
**Imagelist** | **string** | The three-part name (&lt;code&gt;/Compute-&lt;em&gt;identity_domain&lt;/em&gt;/&lt;em&gt;user&lt;/em&gt;/&lt;em&gt;object&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/code&gt;) of the image list containing the image to be used. You must use this attribute if you don&#39;t specify a bootable storage volume by using the boot_order attribute. If you specify the imagelist attribute as well as the boot_order attribute, then the imagelist attribute is ignored. | [optional] [default to null]
**Label** | **string** | A label assigned by the user, specifically for defining inter-instance relationships. | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | The three-part name of the instance(&lt;code&gt;/Compute-&lt;em&gt;identity_domain&lt;/em&gt;/&lt;em&gt;user&lt;/em&gt;/&lt;em&gt;object&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/code&gt;). If you don&#39;t specify this parameter, it will be autogenerated. | [optional] [default to null]
**Networking** | [**map[string]interface{}**](interface{}.md) | Mapping of device name to network specifiers for virtual NICs to be attached to this instance. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReverseDns** | **bool** | If set to true (default), then reverse DNS records are created. If set to false, no reverse DNS records are created. | [optional] [default to null]
**Shape** | **string** | The name of the shape that defines the number of CPUs and the RAM that you require for the instance. | [default to null]
**Sshkeys** | **[]string** | A list of the SSH public keys that you want to associate with the instance. | [optional] [default to null]
**StorageAttachments** | **[]string** | If you specify the storage_attachments parameter, then specify the following subparameters for each attachment:&lt;p&gt;volume: The three-part name (&lt;code&gt;/Compute-&lt;em&gt;identity_domain&lt;/em&gt;/&lt;em&gt;user&lt;/em&gt;/&lt;em&gt;object&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/code&gt;) of the storage volume that you want to attach to the instance. Note that volumes attached to an instance at launch time can&#39;t be detached.&lt;p&gt;index:  The index number for the volume. The allowed range is 1 to 10. If you want to use a storage volume as the boot disk for an instance, you must specify the index number for that volume as 1. The index determines the device name by which the volume is exposed to the instance. | [optional] [default to null]
**Tags** | **[]string** | A JSON array or list of strings used to tag the instance. By assigning a human-friendly tag to an instance, you can identify the instance easily when you perform an instance listing. These tags aren&#39;t available from within the instance. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


