# OrchestrationV2Response

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Account** | **string** | The default Oracle Compute Cloud Service account, such as /Compute-acme/default. | [optional] [default to null]
**Description** | **string** | Description of this orchestration | [optional] [default to null]
**DesiredState** | **string** | The &lt;code&gt;desired_state&lt;/code&gt; specified in the orchestration JSON file. A unique identifier for this orchestration. | [optional] [default to null]
**Id** | **string** | Unique identifier of this orchestration | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | The three-part name (&lt;code&gt;/Compute-&lt;em&gt;identity_domain&lt;/em&gt;/&lt;em&gt;user&lt;/em&gt;/&lt;em&gt;object&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/code&gt;) of the orchestration. | [optional] [default to null]
**Objects** | [**[]OrchestrationObjectResponse**](OrchestrationObject-response.md) | List of orchestration objects | [optional] [default to null]
**Status** | **string** | Current status of this orchestration | [optional] [default to null]
**Tags** | **[]string** | Strings that describe the orchestration and help you identify it. | [optional] [default to null]
**TimeAudited** | **string** | Time the orchestration was last audited | [optional] [default to null]
**TimeCreated** | **string** | The time when the orchestration was added to Oracle Compute Cloud Service. | [optional] [default to null]
**TimeUpdated** | **string** | The time when the orchestration was last updated in Oracle Compute Cloud Service. | [optional] [default to null]
**Uri** | **string** | Uniform Resource Identifier | [optional] [default to null]
**User** | **string** | Name of the user who added this orchestration or made the most recent update to this orchestration. | [optional] [default to null]
**Version** | **int32** | Version of this orchestration. It is automatically generated by the server. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


