# VpnConnectionPutRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CustomerVpnGateway** | **string** | Specify the IP address of the VPN gateway in your data center through which you want to connect to the Oracle Cloud VPN gateway. Your gateway device must support policy-based VPN and IKE (Internet Key Exchange) configuration using pre-shared keys. | [default to null]
**IkeIdentifier** | **string** | The Internet Key Exchange (IKE) ID. If you don&#39;t specify a value, the default value is the public IP address of the cloud gateway. You can specify either an alternative IP address, or any text string that you want to use as the IKE ID. If you specify a text string, you must prefix the string with @. For example, if you want to specify the text IKEID-for-VPN1, specify &lt;code&gt;@IKEID-for-VPN1&lt;/code&gt; as the value in request body. If you specify an IP address, don&#39;t prefix it with @. The IKE ID is case sensitive and can contain a maximum of 255 ASCII alphanumeric characters including special characters, period (.), hyphen (-), and underscore (_). The IKE ID can&#39;t contain embedded space characters.&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note:&lt;/b&gt; If you specify the IKE ID, ensure that you specify the Peer ID type as Domain Name on the third-party device in your data center. Other Peer ID types, such as email address, firewall identifier or key identifier, aren&#39;t supported. | [optional] [default to null]
**IpNetwork** | **string** | Specify the three-part name of the IP network (&lt;code&gt;/Compute-&lt;em&gt;identity_domain&lt;/em&gt;/&lt;em&gt;user&lt;/em&gt;/&lt;em&gt;object&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/code&gt;) in which you want to create the cloud gateway. When you send a request to create a VPN connection, a cloud gateway is created and this is assigned an available IP address from the IP network that you specify. So, the cloud gateway is directly connected to the IP network that you specify.&lt;p&gt;You can only specify a single IP network. All other IP networks which are connected to the specified IP network through an IP network exchange are discovered and added automatically to the VPN connection. | [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | The three-part name (&lt;code&gt;/Compute-&lt;em&gt;identity_domain&lt;/em&gt;/&lt;em&gt;user&lt;/em&gt;/&lt;em&gt;object&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/code&gt;) of the VPN connection. Object names can contain only alphanumeric, underscore (_), dash (-), and period (.) characters. Object names are case-sensitive. | [default to null]
**PfsFlag** | **bool** | This is enabled (set to &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;) by default. If your third-party device supports Perfect Forward Secrecy (PFS), set this parameter to &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt; to require PFS.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Phase1Settings** | [**map[string]interface{}**](interface{}.md) | Settings for Phase 1 of protocol (IKE). See below for object members.&lt;p&gt; phase1Settings.encryption: Encryption options for IKE. Possible values are &lt;code&gt;aes128&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;aes192&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;aes256&lt;/code&gt;. Default is combination of all possible values. &lt;p&gt; phase1Settings.hash: Authentication options for IKE. Possible values are &lt;code&gt;sha1&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;sha2_256&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;md5&lt;/code&gt;. Default is combination of all possible values. &lt;p&gt; phase1Settings.dhGroup: Diffie-Hellman group for both IKE and ESP. It is applicable for ESP only if PFS is enabled. Possible values are &lt;code&gt;group2&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;group5&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;group14&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;group22&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;group23&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;group24&lt;/code&gt;. Default is combination of all possible values | [optional] [default to null]
**Phase2Settings** | [**map[string]interface{}**](interface{}.md) | Settings for Phase 2 of protocol (IPSEC).See below for object members.&lt;p&gt;phase2Settings.encryption: Encryption options for IKE. Possible values are &lt;code&gt;aes128&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;aes192&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;aes256&lt;/code&gt;. Default is combination of all possible values. &lt;p&gt; phase2Settings.hash: Authentication options for IKE. Possible values are &lt;code&gt;sha1&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;sha2_256&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;md5&lt;/code&gt;. Default is combination of all possible values. | [optional] [default to null]
**Psk** | **string** | Pre-shared VPN key. Enter the pre-shared key. This secret key is shared between your network gateway and the Oracle Cloud network for authentication. Specify the full path and name of the text file that contains the pre-shared key. Ensure that the permission level of the text file is set to 400. The pre-shared VPN key must not exceed 256 characters. | [default to null]
**ReachableRoutes** | **[]string** | Specify a list of customer subnets (CIDR prefixes) that are reachable through this VPN tunnel. You can specify a maximum of 20 IP subnet addresses. Specify IPv4 addresses in dot-decimal notation with or without mask. | [default to null]
**VnicSets** | **[]string** | Comma-separated list of vNIC sets. Traffic is allowed to and from these vNIC sets to the cloud gateway&#39;s vNIC set. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


